♪ ♪
♪ (VOCALIZING) ♪
♪ MY ONE AND ONLY LOVE ♪
♪ I'VE BEEN LONELY
LONG ENOUGH ♪
♪ WILL I FIND YOU WHEN
THE NIGHT IS OVER? ♪
♪ TELL ME: WHERE
DID YOU GO? ♪
♪ I'VE BEEN SEARCHING
HIGH AND LOW ♪
♪ I HAVE ONLY 'TIL
THE NIGHT IS OVER ♪
♪ ♪
♪ IN EVERY WINDOW I PASS ♪
♪ YOUR REFLECTION
IN THE GLASS ♪
♪ MAKES ME WONDER
IF MY MIND IS GOING ♪
♪ SHADOWS SHIFTING
IN THE RAIN ♪
♪ SLOWLY DRIVING ME INSANE ♪
♪ BY THE STARS ABOVE I
KNOW WE WERE IN LOVE ♪
♪ I HAVE ONLY 'TIL
THE NIGHT IS OVER ♪
♪ I FEEL THE WEATHER CHANGE ♪
♪ I HEAR THE RIVER
SAY YOUR NAME ♪
♪ ♪
♪ I WATCH THE BIRDS FLY BY ♪
♪ I SEE AN EMERALD
IN THE SKY ♪
♪ ♪
♪ NOW THE TRAIL
HAS GONE COLD ♪
♪ I DON'T KNOW
WHERE ELSE TO GO ♪
♪ AND MY TIME, I FEAR,
IS NEARLY OVER ♪
♪ WHEN THE OCEAN
DRINKS THE SKY ♪
♪ AND THE CITY
WINKS ITS EYE ♪
♪ WHEN THE NIGHT IS DONE
YOU'LL VANISH IN THE SUN ♪
♪ WILL I HOLD YOU WHEN
THE NIGHT IS OVER? ♪
♪ AM I LOST INSIDE MY MIND? ♪
♪ THERE'S AN
EMERALD IN THE SKY ♪
♪ I HEAR THE RIVER
SAY YOUR NAME ♪
♪ BY THE STARS ABOVE I
KNOW WE WERE IN LOVE ♪
♪ I HEAR THE RIVER
SAY YOUR NAME ♪
♪ I HAVE ONLY 'TIL
THE NIGHT IS OVER ♪
♪ ♪